# Installation

> To do: incorporate Graigan's write up of seting up the Python environment. 

A branch of Bryan lives on the J drive here: ```J:\WaterResourcesModelling\z_Scripting\Bryan```
The main Python script is ```Main.py```. However, Bryan is set up in a way that you don't need to run it using an IDE; it is run using a batch file. You have a choice of running it from the J drive or copying the ```Bryan``` folder to you local drive an running it from your local drive, whichever works best for you. A Python 3 installation is needed -- it is recommended that an [Anaconda distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download) is used. The following Python packages, which should be installed automatically in the Anaconda distribution, are needed: json, scipy, numpy, and pandas. However, it is good practice to [set up a virtual environment](virtual_env_setup.md.html).

The model itself, as in the URBS/RORB model and all associated files for the study catchment, will live in an entirely separate location. It is recommended that you build and run the model on your local drive and back up to the J drive regularly. Noting that a strict folder and file structure should be adhered to -- see an existing model for an example.  Creating a batch file to back up the model using [robocopy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/robocopy) is a good option for this, as long as there is no one else working on the same model as you at the same time. Sunwater uses ```TortoiseSVN``` for version control, which is another option if multiple people are working on a model -> to download type ```company portal``` in the start bar then search for *TortoiseSVN* on the comany portal. 